Grid (#78)
labcodes/labstorybook: stories/base/Responsiveness.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Base/Responsiveness" />

<div className="docs-title">
  <div>
    <h1 className="docs-title__text">Responsiveness</h1>
  </div>
</div>

<div className="docs-content">
  <p>Every element in Bulma is <strong>mobile-first</strong> and optimizes for <strong>vertical reading</strong>.</p>
  <p>It has <a href="https://github.com/jgthms/bulma/blob/master/sass/utilities/initial-variables.sass#L56,L64">5 breakpoints</a>:</p>
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Variablet</th>
        <th>Breakpoint</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><code>mobile</code></td>
        <td>up to <code>768px</code></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>tablet</code></td>
        <td>from <code>769px</code></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>desktop</code></td>
        <td>from <code>1024px</code></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>widescreen</code></td>
        <td>from <code>1216px</code></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>fullhd</code></td>
        <td>from <code>1408px</code></td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>

>   <p>We follow a mobile-first approach, which means that mobile is our default view and CSS rules are build growing accordingly. Bulma has already <a href="https://github.com/jgthms/bulma/blob/master/sass/utilities/mixins.sass#L81,L129">9 mixings</a> prepared for this.</p>

Reviewer: Did you mean "built" and "mixins"?

```suggestion
  <p>We follow a mobile-first approach, which means that mobile is our default view and CSS rules are built growing accordingly. Bulma has already <a href="https://github.com/jgthms/bulma/blob/master/sass/utilities/mixins.sass#L81,L129">9 mixins</a> prepared for this.</p>
```
